street artists are constantly looking
for new guerrilla tactics to get up
where graffiti artist bam
someone was figured out a whole new way
to get up as the founder of green
graffiti Jimbo's and he's gonna be your
guest judge this week everybody please
welcome Jim Genma spent the last seven
years developing new techniques known as
clean or reverse graffiti instead of
adding paint you literally remove dirt
and use that negative space as your work
of art we all know it is probably dust
tagging when you hit up a dirty car with
the tag I do that all the time I've
written on cars enough penises on cars
can handle it so we look for ways that
we can actually reduce the environmental
impact of advertising while improving
the impact to the audience reverse
graffiti is perfect medium for this
we're selectively cleaning a message or
an image out of the dirt
it's a environmentally friendly way to
do advertising one of the first street
artists to employ the use of reverse
graffiti is British artist Paul Curtis
aka moose 2008 moves made a statement on
a philosophy of cream in San Francisco
Broadway tunnel by removing dirt to
create art and for your throwdown that's
exactly what we want you guys to do has
anyone here tried it never dump reverse
graffiti before I mean nobody else seems
to have done it so I kind of feel like
we're all in the same rowboat on this
one well guys you got your tools in
front of you the power washer the
brushes give you a little bit more
detail you've got a wide selection a
little intimidating but I think you do
some incredible work and for your canvas
you'll be working in the 3rd Street
Tunnel in downtown Los Angeles grip yeah
still think we're in a suit was the
right idea
oh yes
street art Throwdown new every Tuesday
at 9:00 on oxygen
you